raml-serverless - Serverless plugin to work with RAML API spec documents
serverless-alexa-plugin - Serverless plugin to support Alexa Lambda events
serverless-alexa-skills - Manage your Alexa Skills with Serverless Framework.
serverless-api-cloudfront - Plugin that adds CloudFront distribution in front of your API Gateway for custom domain, CDN caching and access log.
serverless-api-stage - Serverless API Stage plugin, enables stage variables and logging for AWS API Gateway.
serverless-apig-s3 - Serve static front-end content from S3 via the API Gateway and deploy client bundle to S3.
serverless-apigateway-plugin - Configure the AWS api gateway: Binary support, Headers and Body template mappings
serverless-apigw-binary - Plugin to enable binary support in AWS API Gateway.
serverless-apigwy-binary - Serverless plugin for configuring API Gateway to return binary responses
serverless-appsync-plugin - Serverless Plugin to deploy AppSync GraphQL API
serverless-attach-managed-policy - A Serverless plugin to automatically attach an AWS Managed IAM Policy (or Policies) to all IAM Roles created by the Service.
serverless-aws-alias - This plugin enables use of AWS aliases on Lambda functions.
serverless-aws-documentation - Serverless plugin to add documentation and models to the serverless generated API Gateway
serverless-aws-nested-stacks - Yet another AWS nested stack plugin!
serverless-aws-resource-names - Serverless plugin to alter the default naming conventions for sls resources via a simple mapping file.
serverless-build-plugin - A Node.js focused build plugin for serverless.
serverless-cf-vars - Enables use of AWS pseudo functions and Fn::Sub string substitution
serverless-cljs-plugin - Enables Clojurescript as an implementation language for Lambda handlers
serverless-cloudformation-changesets - Natively deploy to CloudFormation via Change sets, instead of directly. Allowing you to queue changes, and safely require escalated roles for final deployment.
serverless-cloudformation-parameter-setter - Set CloudFormation parameters when deploying.
serverless-cloudformation-resource-counter - A plugin to count the resources generated in the AWS CloudFormation stack after deployment.
serverless-cloudformation-sub-variables - Serverless framework plugin for easily supporting AWS CloudFormation Sub function variables
serverless-coffeescript - A Serverless plugin to compile your CoffeeScript into JavaScript at deployment
serverless-command-line-event-args - This module is Serverless Framework plugin. Event JSON passes to your Lambda function in commandline.
serverless-content-encoding - Enable Content Encoding in AWS API Gateway during deployment
serverless-crypt - Securing the secrets on Serverless Framework by AWS KMS encryption.
serverless-custom-packaging-plugin - Plugin to package your sourcecode using a custom target path inside the zip.
serverless-dir-config-plugin - EXPERIMENTAL - Serverless plugin to load function and resource definitions from a directory.
serverless-domain-manager - Serverless plugin for managing custom domains with API Gateways.
serverless-dotenv - Fetch environment variables and write it to a .env file
serverless-dotnet - A serverless plugin to run 'dotnet' commands as part of the deploy process
serverless-dynalite - Run dynalite locally (no JVM, all JS) to simulate DynamoDB. Watch serverless.yml for table config updates.
serverless-dynamodb-autoscaling - Configure Amazon DynamoDB's native Auto Scaling for your table capacities.
serverless-dynamodb-local - Serverless Dynamodb Local Plugin - Allows to run dynamodb locally for serverless
serverless-dynamodb-ttl - Configure DynamoDB TTL in serverless.yml (until CloudFormation supports this).
serverless-enable-api-logs - Enables Coudwatch logging for API Gateway events
serverless-env-generator - Manage environment variables with YAML and load them with dotenv. Supports variable encryption with KMS, multiple stages and custom profiles.
serverless-ephemeral - Build and include custom stateless libraries for any language
serverless-event-constant-inputs - Allows you to add constant inputs to events in Serverless 1.0. For more info see [constant values in Cloudwatch](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/simply-serverless-use-constant-values-in-cloudwatch-event-triggered-lambda-functions/)
serverless-export-env - Export environment variables into a .env file with automatic AWS CloudFormation reference resolution.
serverless-functions-base-path - Easily define a base path where your serverless functions are located.
serverless-go-build - Build go source files (or public functions) using yml definition file
serverless-gulp - A thin task wrapper around @goserverless that allows you to automate build, test and deploy tasks using gulp
serverless-haskell - Deploying Haskell applications to AWS Lambda with Serverless
serverless-hooks-plugin - Run arbitrary commands on any lifecycle event in serverless
serverless-iam-roles-per-function - Serverless Plugin for easily defining IAM roles per function via the use of iamRoleStatements at the function level.
serverless-iot-local - AWS Iot events with serverless-offline
serverless-jest-plugin - A Serverless Plugin for the Serverless Framework which adds support for test-driven development using Jest
serverless-kms-secrets - Allows to easily encrypt and decrypt secrets using KMS from the serverless CLI
serverless-kubeless - Serverless plugin for deploying functions to Kubeless.
serverless-local-dev-server - Speeds up development of Alexa Skills, Chatbots and APIs by exposing your functions as local HTTP endpoints and mapping received events.
serverless-local-environment - Serverless plugin to set local environment variables and remote environment variable to different values
serverless-log-forwarding - Serverless plugin for forwarding CloudWatch logs to another Lambda function.
serverless-micro - Plugin to help manage multiple micro services under one main service.
serverless-mocha-plugin - A Serverless Plugin for the Serverless Framework which adds support for test-driven development using Mocha
serverless-nested-stack - A plugin to Workaround for Cloudformation 200 resource limit
serverless-offline - Emulate AWS λ and API Gateway locally when developing your Serverless project
serverless-offline-scheduler - Runs scheduled functions offline while integrating with serverless-offline
serverless-offline-sns - Serverless plugin to run a local SNS server and call serverless SNS handlers with events notifications.
serverless-offline-ssm - Read SSM parameters from a .env file instead of AWS
serverless-package-python-functions - Packaging Python Lambda functions with only the dependencies/requirements they need.
serverless-parameters - Add parameters to the generated cloudformation templates
serverless-plugin-api-docs - Serverless plugin to automatically create a lambda function which returns Swagger-UI HTML API Documentation Page based on the given swagger spec JSON file.
serverless-plugin-aws-alerts - A Serverless plugin to easily add CloudWatch alarms to functions
serverless-plugin-aws-resolvers - Resolves variables from ESS, RDS, or Kinesis for serverless services
serverless-plugin-bespoken - Creates a local server and a proxy so you don't have to deploy anytime you want to test your code
serverless-plugin-bind-deployment-id - A Serverless plugin to bind the randomly generated deployment resource to your custom resources
serverless-plugin-browserifier - Reduce the size and speed up your Node.js based lambda's using browserify.
serverless-plugin-browserify - Speed up your node based lambda's
serverless-plugin-canary-deployments - A Serverless plugin to implement canary deployments of Lambda functions
serverless-plugin-cfauthorizer - This plugin allows you to define your own API Gateway Authorizers as the Serverless CloudFormation resources and apply them to HTTP endpoints.
serverless-plugin-chrome - Plugin which bundles and ensures that Headless Chrome/Chromium is running when your AWS Lambda function handler is invoked.
serverless-plugin-cloudwatch-sumologic - Plugin which auto-subscribes a log delivery lambda function to lambda log groups created by serverless
serverless-plugin-common-excludes - Adds commonly excluded files to package.excludes
serverless-plugin-custom-domain - Reliably sets a BasePathMapping to an API Gateway Custom Domain
serverless-plugin-deploy-environment - Plugin to manage deployment environment across stages
serverless-plugin-diff - Compares your local AWS CloudFormation templates against deployed ones.
serverless-plugin-dynamodb-autoscaling - Auto generate auto scaling configuration for configured DynamoDB tables
serverless-plugin-elastic-beanstalk - A serverless plugin to deploy applications to AWS ElasticBeanstalk.
serverless-plugin-encode-env-var-objects - Serverless plugin to encode any environment variable objects.
serverless-plugin-external-sns-events - Add ability for functions to use existing or external SNS topics as an event source
serverless-plugin-git-variables - A Serverless plugin to expose git variables (branch name, HEAD description, full commit hash) to your serverless services
serverless-plugin-graphiql - A Serverless plugin to run a local http server for graphiql and your graphql handler
serverless-plugin-include-dependencies - This is a Serverless plugin that should make your deployed functions smaller.
serverless-plugin-inject-dependencies - Painlessly deploy serverless projects with only the required dependencies.
serverless-plugin-iopipe - See inside your Lambda functions with high fidelity metrics and monitoring.
serverless-plugin-lambda-dead-letter - A Serverless plugin that can configure a lambda with a dead letter queue or topic
serverless-plugin-log-subscription - Adds a CloudWatch LogSubscription for functions
serverless-plugin-metric - Creates dynamically AWS metric-filter resources with custom patterns
serverless-plugin-multiple-responses - Enable multiple content-types for Response template 
serverless-plugin-node-shim - Serverless plugin to run your functions in nodejs version (8 LTS, 9+) on aws lambda
serverless-plugin-offline-kinesis-events - Plugin that works with serverless-offline to allow offline testing of serverless functions that are triggered by Kinesis events.
serverless-plugin-optimize - Bundle with Browserify, transpile with Babel to ES5 and minify with Uglify your Serverless functions.
serverless-plugin-package-dotenv-file - A Serverless plugin to copy a .env file into the serverless package
serverless-plugin-provider-groups - A plugin to allow management of grouped settings within large serverless projects.
serverless-plugin-reducer - Reduce Node.js lambda package so it contains only lambda dependencies
serverless-plugin-scripts - Add scripting capabilities to the Serverless Framework
serverless-plugin-select - Select which functions are to be deployed based on region and stage.
serverless-plugin-simulate - Simulate AWS Lambda and API Gateway locally using Docker
serverless-plugin-split-stacks - Migrate certain resources to nested stacks
serverless-plugin-stack-config - A serverless plugin to manage configurations for a stack across micro-services.
serverless-plugin-stack-outputs - Displays stack outputs for your serverless stacks when `sls info` is ran
serverless-plugin-stackstorm - Reusable Functions from StackStorm Exchange
serverless-plugin-stage-variables - Add stage variables for Serverless 1.x to ApiGateway, so you can use variables in your Lambda's
serverless-plugin-subscription-filter - A serverless plugin to register AWS CloudWatchLogs subscription filter
serverless-plugin-tracer - Trace serverless hooks as they execute
serverless-plugin-transpiler - Transpile lambda files during packaging step
serverless-plugin-typescript - Serverless plugin for zero-config Typescript support.
serverless-plugin-vpc-eni-cleanup - Automatic cleanup of VPC network interfaces on stage removal
serverless-plugin-warmup - Keep your lambdas warm during Winter.
serverless-plugin-webpack - A serverless plugin to automatically bundle your functions individually with webpack
serverless-plugin-write-env-vars - Write environment variables out to a file that is compatible with dotenv
serverless-prune-plugin - Deletes old versions of functions from AWS, preserving recent and aliased versions
serverless-pseudo-parameters - Use ${AWS::AccountId} and other cloudformation pseudo parameters in your serverless.yml values
serverless-python-individually - A serverless framework plugin to install multiple lambda functions written in python
serverless-python-requirements - Serverless plugin to bundle Python packages
serverless-reqvalidator-plugin - Serverless plugin to add request validator to API Gateway methods
serverless-resources-env - After Deploy, this plugin fetches cloudformation resource identifiers and sets them on AWS lambdas, and creates local .<state>-env file
serverless-run-function-plugin - Run serverless function locally
serverless-s3-encryption - Set or remove the encryption settings on your s3 buckets
serverless-s3-remover - A serverless plugin to make s3 buckets empty before deleting cloudformation stack when ```sls remove```
serverless-s3-sync - A plugin to sync local directories and S3 prefixes for Serverless Framework,
serverless-s3bucket-sync - Sync a local folder with a S3 bucket after sls deploy
serverless-sam - Exports an AWS SAM template for a service created with the Serverless Framework.
serverless-scriptable-plugin - Customize Serverless behavior without writing a plugin.
serverless-sentry - Automatic monitoring of memory usage, execution timeouts and forwarding of Lambda errors to Sentry (https://sentry.io).
serverless-shell - Drop to a runtime shell with all the environment variables set that you'd have in lambda.
serverless-sns-filter - Serverless plugin to add SNS Subscription Filters to events
serverless-spa - Serverless plugin to deploy your website to AWS S3 using Webpack to bundle it.
serverless-sqs-alarms-plugin - Wrapper to setup CloudWatch Alarms on SQS queue length
serverless-sqs-fifo - A serverless plugin to handle creation of sqs fifo queue's in aws (stop-gap)
serverless-ssm-fetch - Sets "AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store (SSM)" parameters into functions' environment variables.
serverless-stack-output - Store output from your AWS CloudFormation Stack in JSON/YAML/TOML files, or to pass it to a JavaScript function for further processing.
serverless-stage-manager - Super simple Serverless plugin for validating stage names before deployment
serverless-static - Easily serve files from a folder while developing on localhost with the serverless-offline plugin
serverless-step-functions - AWS Step Functions with Serverless Framework.
serverless-sthree-env - Serverless plugin to get config from a json formatted file in S3 and copy them to environment variable
serverless-subscription-filter - Serverless plugin to register subscription filter for Lambda logs. Register and pipe the logs of one lambda to another to process.
serverless-vpc-discovery - Serverless plugin for discovering VPC / Subnet / Security Group configuration by name.
serverless-webpack - Serverless plugin to bundle your lambdas with Webpack
serverless-wsgi - Serverless plugin to deploy WSGI applications (Flask/Django/Pyramid etc.) and bundle Python package

To install a plugin run 'serverless plugin install --name plugin-name-here'

It will be automatically downloaded and added to your package.json and serverless.yml file
      
